Hello food fight listeners and Chef enthusiasts!  This is Nathen Harvey with "What's Cooking", your source for all the latest cookbook news.

# Nagios - 1.2.0:

  The nagios cookbook, now at version 1.2.0, has received a lot of updates lately:

  * There's a new recipe which makes integrating your Nagios with PagerDuty.com as easy as adding a ['nagios']['pagerduty_key'] attribute to your node.
  * A new lightweight resource provider was added for defining NRPE checks
  * You can now define nagios checks using databags.

  Big thanks to Jake Vanderdray from CustomInk for making monitoring with nagios suck a little bit less!

# Python 1.0.4 - 

  The 1.0.4 version of the Python cookbook includes a number of enhancements including:

  * FreeBSD support
  * A timeout for python_pip so it's easier to install large packages
  * A fix to the install_path when using the source recipe
  * And you now have the ability to specify version when installing distribute.

# PostgreSQL - 0.99.2:
  The postgresql cookbook, version 0.99.2,  was recently updated.  The max_fsm_pages setting was removed from PostgreSQL in version 8.4.  The cookbook now accounts for this.
  
Subversion - 1.0.0
  Subversion cookbook, version 1.0.0, now includes windows platform support!

XML - 1.0.2
  * In the 1.0.2 version of the XML cookbook, FreeBSD and Amazon Linux support were added.
  
Annoyances - 0.0.1

  Matt Ray and Joshua Timberman, from OpsCode, have released an Annoyances cookbook.  This cookbook fixes a number of minor operating system-based annoyances. The are recipes are platform-specific.  
  
  On Ubuntu the cookbook will freshen up the apt repository and turn off AppArmor and byobu (beeyo-bu)
  On Red Hat flavors including CentOS and scientific linux, the cookbook will delete any preexisting firewall rules, turn off SELinux, uninstall apache, and remove any .bash_logout
  
  This cookbook will remove itself from the node's runlist on completion.  
  
  Are there things that annoy you about your target Operating System?  Fork this cookbook and submit a pull request!
  
Please let us know if you have cookbook news you'd like to share!

This has been Nathen Harvey with, "What's Cooking," your source for all the latest cookbook news.